<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="migration-from-eerohele">
  <title>Migration from eerohele/dita-ot-gradle</title>
  <shortdesc>Upgrade guide for users of the original plugin.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>This plugin is a fork of <codeph>eerohele/dita-ot-gradle</codeph> with additional features and improvements.</p>

    <section>
      <title>Why Migrate?</title>
      <ul>
        <li><b>Full Configuration Cache Support:</b> 77% faster incremental builds</li>
        <li><b>Gradle 9 Compatibility:</b> Works with latest Gradle versions</li>
        <li><b>Active Maintenance:</b> Regular updates and bug fixes</li>
        <li><b>Improved Documentation:</b> Comprehensive examples and guides</li>
      </ul>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Migration Steps</title>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <p><b>Update Plugin ID:</b></p>
          <codeblock>// Before
plugins {
    id 'com.github.eerohele.dita-ot-gradle' version 'X.X.X'
}

// After
plugins {
    id 'io.github.jyjeanne.dita-ot-gradle' version '2.8.3'
}</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Review Task Configuration:</b> Most configurations are compatible. Update any deprecated options.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Enable Configuration Cache:</b> Add to <filepath>gradle.properties</filepath>:</p>
          <codeblock>org.gradle.configuration-cache=true</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Test Your Build:</b> Run your existing build to verify compatibility.</p>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Breaking Changes</title>
      <p>There are no breaking changes from the original plugin. All existing configurations should work without modification.</p>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>New Features Available</title>
      <p>After migration, you can take advantage of:</p>
      <ul>
        <li><codeph>ditaProperties.put()</codeph> for Configuration Cache compatibility</li>
        <li>Provider API support for lazy evaluation</li>
        <li>Improved error messages and diagnostics</li>
        <li>Better Kotlin DSL support</li>
      </ul>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Getting Help</title>
      <p>If you encounter issues during migration:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Check the <xref href="../reference/troubleshooting.dita">Troubleshooting</xref> guide</li>
        <li>Open an issue on <xref href="https://github.com/jyjeanne/dita-ot-gradle/issues" format="html" scope="external">GitHub</xref></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
